Vice President
What are you doing so fast?
I'm asking you.
Do you want to marry me or not?
Child, you are the Lord.
Food and clothing
And I have no father, no mother.
From a young age, he studied medicine.
To this day it is only a b
You're coming with me.
Won't be happy, I can make you happy.
Let me ask you a question.
Do you like me?
Hi.
I like you.
Congratulations.
I'm sorry I don't value you anymore.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, our daughter.
Good night, why don't you come see me as a soldier these days?
Have you abandoned us?
I've done too many things wrong with Gu Khanh and An An.
I should keep criminals.
I've resigned.
Intend to give flowers.
Do your best.
Impossible.
What about me and the Army?
You broke up with the king.
Great, later you can take care of the Army openly.
I didn't mean that.
I mean about An An.
I really didn't mean to, I'm sorry.
Can you forgive me?
We propose, and I'll take good care of you.
I don't have any love for you.
I won't accept it either.
I knew you had that feeling at first.
I'm not going to ask you.
You are a selfish and weak person.
You can only blame other people's losers.
It's gone.
What about medication to the hospital?
You are Chu Nhien, the daughter of Chu Binh An.
Come with us.